“O Allah, please bless us with Your guidance and mercy and grant us peace and happiness.”
“Ya Allah, please accept our prayers on this sacred day. Bring us good health, fill our hearts with love, and forgive our sins.”
“O Allah, grant my family protection, peace, and prosperity. Please bless them with strong faith and unwavering devotion.”
“O Allah, surround my family with your protection and guide them to remain on the right path. Fill them with Your light and mercy.”
“O Allah, you are the Most Generous, so please forgive our shortcomings. Bless us with the courage to face challenges and the devotion to keep our faith strong.”
“Ya Allah, on this blessed day of Jumma, please shower us with Your blessings. Accept our prayers and grant us health, prosperity, and happiness.”
“Ya Allah, please bless my loved ones with a long, happy, and successful life. Guide them on the path to righteousness and protect them from harm’s way.”
“O Allah, grace us with Your blessings. Turn our worry into peace, our sorrow into joy, our challenges into successes, and our doubt into conviction.”
“O Allah, I ask that you accept my family’s duas on this blessed Friday. Grant them their prayers and surround them with Your love.”
“Ya Allah, grant us strength and peace of mind on this holy Jumma. Allow us to succeed in everything we set our minds to.”
“O Allah, fill us with Your light. Help us strengthen our faith on this sacred day and keep us steadfast on the straight path.”
“Ya Allah, have mercy on my family and forgive their sins. Bless them with wisdom, serenity, and joy on this blessed day.”
“O believers! When the call to prayer is made on Friday, then hasten to the remembrance of Allah and leave off your business. That is best for you, if only you knew.” [Surah Al-Jumu'ah 62:9]
It was narrated from Aws bin Aws that: The Prophet (ﷺ) said: ‘One of the best of your days is Friday. On this day, Adam was created and on this day he died, on this day the Trumpet will be blown, and on this day all creatures will swoon. So send a great deal of salah upon me on this day, for your salah will be presented to me.’” [Sunan an-Nasa'i 1374]
Narrated Abu Huraira: “The Prophet (ﷺ) said, ‘On every Friday the angels take their stand at every gate of the mosque to write the names of the people chronologically (i.e. according to the time of their arrival for the Friday prayer) and when the Imam sits (on the pulpit) they fold up their scrolls and get ready to listen to the sermon.’” [Sunan an-Nasa'i 1374]
It was narrated that Ibn ‘Abbas said: “The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: ‘This day is an ‘Eid (festival) which Allah has ordained for the Muslims. Whoever comes to Friday (prayer), let him take a bath and if he has perfume then let him put some on. And upon you (I urge to use) is the tooth stick.’” [Sunan Ibn Majah 1098]
Aws bin Aws narrated: "Allah's Messenger said to me: 'Whoever performs Ghusl on Friday, and bathes completely, and goes early, arriving early, gets close and listens and is silent, there will be for him in every step he take the reward of a year of fasting and standing (in prayer).'" [Jami` at-Tirmidhi 496]
Kathir bin Abdullah bin Amr bin Awf Al-Muzani narrated from his father, from his grandfather, that: “The Prophet said: ‘On Friday there is an hour in which the worshipper does not ask Allah for anything except that Allah grants it to him.’ They said: ‘O Messenger of Allah! Which hour is it?’ He said: ‘When the prayer is begun until it is finished.’” [Jami` at-Tirmidhi 490]
Abdullah bin Amr narrated that: “The Messenger of Allah said: ‘No Muslim dies on the day of Friday, nor the night of Friday, except that Allah protects him from the trials of the grave.’" [Jami` at-Tirmidhi 1074]
It was narrated that Ibn ‘Abbas said: “The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: ‘This day is an ‘Eid (festival) which Allah has ordained for the Muslims. Whoever comes to Friday (prayer), let him take a bath and if he has perfume then let him put some on. And upon you (I urge to use) is the tooth stick.’” [Sunan an-Nasa'i 1369]
Abu Sa’id al-Khudri reported: “The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said, ‘Whoever recites Surat al-Kahf on Friday, a light will shine for him between this Friday and the next.’” [al-Sunan al-Kubrá lil-Bayhaqī 5996]
Imam Shafe’e used to say: “I love to send plenty of salat upon the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) all the time and I love it more so on the day of Jumuah.” [Kitabul Umm 1/546]
Fridays are the most blessed day of the week when Muslims gather to pray.
Just like Christian church-goers gather at church to pray on Sundays, Muslims congregate on Fridays to pray together and worship Allah. Friday also has special significance in Islamic history and traditions:[4]
Adam (the first human) was created by Allah on a Friday.
Allah perfected the religion of Islam on a Friday: "This day I have perfected your religion for you, completed My favors upon you, and have chosen for you Islam as your religion." [The Noble Qur’an, 5:3]
Friday is an Eid, or holy festival.
Humankind's last day and final judgment will be on a Friday.